Once upon a time, there was a Japanese electrician who under the threat of destruction of his home and all his belongings by his psychopathic of his gardener he quit his job and follow his dreams, the only problem was he didn’t know what his dream truly was. He didn’t yet know what his dreams were but what he did know for sure was that following his unknown dreams were his only option. 
The electrician went by the name of Lou, and even he didn’t know why. Truth is he wasn’t even Japanese but didn’t know where he came from either. Years ago he had been shocked quite badly and been the only one of the project that survived the incident, although not without consequences. He lost all of his memories and any memory of who he used to be anything about his past. Not only did he forget everything about his past but everyone else who did or had any connection to his past did as well. He ended up in the hospital with no clue of who he was or where to find any clues on who he could truly be. He had to start fresh, and all he knew about himself is that he was once an electrician. Despite almost losing his life because of it he returned to the trade that was all he knew about himself, figuring that maybe him being the only survivor in a mass incident meant that he might be pretty good at it, or maybe he just got lucky but there is no way to know that at this point. 
But now, Lou is faced with an either larger dilema, what to do about the gardener. The gardener, turns it is much more than a gardener to Lou. He is actually much more than a gardener and for that reason he knows enough about Lou to be dangerous. He was discharged from the hospital the same time that Lou was after his incident and Lou to this day still has no idea why he was actually in the hospital but after a while felt it inappropriate to ask. His gardener, who goes by the name Yuki was able to help Lou get a new house and get back on his feet after the accident. He said he knew of someone who had a place and processed all of the housing information for Lou. Lou is now realizing the amount of information that Yuki knows about him makes his threat quite dangerous. 
Lou never had even had any need for a gardener, this whole arrangement was heavily insisted upon by Yuki, and Lou being the nice guy he is had trouble refusing. They had always had a cordial relationship, although Yuki was known to pry at times, Lou had never been especially been concerned but things quickly began to change. 
Yuki had proven that he had enough information do destroy the entire life that Lou had built since he got out of the hospital almost 5 years ago to the day. It turns out that Yuki had been discharged from the psych ward that day, and despite getting discharged was far from well. He had been in the waiting in the waiting room looking for someone to take prey on, and Lou was his prey. When he started talking to him and learned he knew nothing about himself Yuki saw a situation where he could build Lou up as someone he has complete control over. He put him in a housing situation where he could know where he is, set him up with work where he knows where he’ll be and always keep a close eye on him as his gardener. He was someone there to teach Lou who he was to his standards, and managed to have enough information about his identity to be able to completely manipulate Lou’s entire new existence. 
Yuki made this clear to Lou, but also made it clear that he didn’t do this to sabotage Lou’s life but he did it so that Lou could follow his dreams alive a fulfilling life. He learned throughout the years that the life that Lou was living was all he knew and knew that it wasn’t going to be what truly made him happy. For better or worse Yuki in a curious unorthodox way was threatening to destroy Lou’s life for his on betterment. Lou while being afraid and shocked didn’t know what to believe, but he didn’t have anything else to go off of, so he figured he might as well try and follow his dreams or die trying.
One day as Lou was walking to work he looked up at the sky and thought why can't he remember himself? Why was it so hard and as he started to realize that if he couldn't remember it must have been a absolutely horrible past and so he now started to embrace the future ahead of him.  He had no past regrets to remember or look upon so therefore he could make any step assured that it was a okay step because he had nothing to compare it with.  He realized that Yuki was trying to help him but what did Yuki really have or know? He was a garderner after all and what did he have that was so great or do?  He realized he needed to move above and beyond what he knew now and now he was eager to do it at a fast pace.
